feat(mocking): Mocking functionality enhancements (#4489)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/mocking/_index.md

      description: |
        Randomly selects one example and returns it. This parameter requires the spec to have multiple examples configured.
      minimum_version: "2.7.x"
    - name: included_status_codes
      required: false
      default: null
      datatype: array of integers
      description: |

>         A global list of the HTTP status code that only allows being chosen and returned.

Author: Sounds OK.

      minimum_version: "3.1.x"
    - name: random_status_code
      required: false
      default: false
      datatype: boolean
      description: |

>         Whether to randomly select an HTTP status code from the responses of the corresponding API method.
>         The default value is `false`, which means the minimum HTTP status code will always be chosen and returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Determines whether to randomly select an HTTP status code from the responses of the corresponding API method.
        The default value is `false`, which means the minimum HTTP status code is always selected and returned.
```

      minimum_version: "3.1.x"
  extra: |

    Depending on the Kong Gateway deployment mode, set either the `api_specification_filename`
    or the `api_specification` parameter. The plugin requires a spec to work.
---

## Behavioral Headers

Behavioral headers allow you to change the behavior of the Mocking plugin for the individual request without changing the configuration.

### X-Kong-Mocking-Delay

> The `X-Kong-Mocking-Delay` header tells the plugin how many milliseconds should be taken before responding. The delay value should between `0`(inclusive) and `10000`(inclusive), otherwise a 400 error instead to return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `X-Kong-Mocking-Delay` header tells the plugin how many milliseconds to delay before responding. The delay value must be between `0`(inclusive) and `10000`(inclusive), otherwise a it returns a `400` error.
```

Author: Does `a` need to be deleted?

> The `X-Kong-Mocking-Delay` header tells the plugin how many milliseconds to delay before responding. The delay value must be between `0`(inclusive) and `10000`(inclusive), otherwise a it returns a `400` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `X-Kong-Mocking-Delay` header tells the plugin how many milliseconds to delay before responding. The delay value must be between `0`(inclusive) and `10000`(inclusive), otherwise it returns a `400` error.
```

```
HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request

{
    "message": "Invalid value for X-Kong-Mocking-Delay. The delay value should between 0 and 10000ms"
}
```

### X-Kong-Mocking-Example-Id

> The `X-Kong-Mocking-Example-Id` header tells the plugin which response example should be used when the endpoint has multiple examples for a single status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `X-Kong-Mocking-Example-Id` header tells the plugin which response example is used when the endpoint has multiple examples for a single status code.
```

> OpenAPI 3.0 allows you to define multiple examples in a single MIME type. Here is an example that has two candidate examples, `Jessica` and `Ron`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenAPI 3.0 allows you to define multiple examples in a single MIME type. The following example has two candidate examples: `Hao` and `Sasha`.
```

```yaml
paths:
  /query_user:
    get:
      responses:
        '200':
          description: A user object.
          content:
            application/json:
              examples:
                Jessica:
                  value:
                    id: 10

>                     name: Jessica Smith

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    name: Hao
```

                Ron:
                  value:
                    id: 20

>                     name: Ron Stewart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    name: Sasha
```

```

Makes a request to choose a specific example to respond to:

```bash

> curl -X GET http://<kong-hostname>:8000/query_user -H "X-Kong-Mocking-Example-Id: Ron"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -X GET http://HOSTNAME:8000/query_user -H "X-Kong-Mocking-Example-Id: Sasha"
```

```

Response:

```
{
    "id": 20,

>     "name": "Ron Stewart"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "name": "Sasha"
```

}
```

### X-Kong-Mocking-Status-Code

By default, the plugin chooses the minimum status code that is defined in the corresponding method.

> The `X-Kong-Mocking-Status-Code` header allows requests to change the default status code selection behavior by specific a status code that is defined in the corresponding method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `X-Kong-Mocking-Status-Code` header allows requests to change the default status code selection behavior by specifying a status code that is defined in the corresponding method. 
```

> The `X-Kong-Mocking-Status-Code` header allows requests to change the default status code selection behavior by specific a status code that is defined in the corresponding method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `X-Kong-Mocking-Status-Code` header allows requests to change the default status code selection behavior by specifying a status code that is defined in the corresponding method. 
```

```yaml
paths:
  /ping:
    get:
      responses:
        '200':
          description: '200'
          content:
            application/json:
              example:
                message: '200'
        '500':
          description: '500'
          content:
            application/json:
              example:
                message: '500'
```

Makes a request to choose a specific status code to respond to:

```bash

> curl -i -X GET http://<kong-hostname>:8000/ping -H "X-Kong-Mocking-Status-Code: 500"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -i -X GET http://HOSTNAME:8000/ping -H "X-Kong-Mocking-Status-Code: 500"
```

      value_in_examples: true
      description: |
        Randomly selects one example and returns it. This parameter requires the spec to have multiple examples configured.
    - name: included_status_codes
      required: false

>       default: null

Reviewer 2: Is this a breaking change? It should default to `200`, `201` and `204`

Author: I don't think this is a breaking change. 
After upgrading to 3.1.x from 3.0.x, the mocking plugin will still select the minimum HTTP status code to return. 
Although there are `100` and `101` that is less than 200, but they cannot be used in ngx access phase.
